you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature
hey it's Lucky Penny shop and we're on a
pretty intensive month of Christmas
items and Christmas branded candies and
snacks that you find in the stores
around here in the USA this one was a
six pack Kit Kat and it's got Santa
Clauses all over it and it says three
cool design so we'll see what all three
look like when we open it let's check
the back out right there are three cool
designs and the way they showed it now
is that the bars themselves have the
design so that to me it's exciting a lot
of the candies you see at the holiday
time is just a cool package but then the
inside candy is just the standard candy
so it'd be neat if they actually made
Kit Kats let's see all three are here
they cut this with a shape on the top so
here we have three cool designs I wonder
if it's all in one pack so all the packs
on the outside look exactly the same so
we're going to have to jump in and
that's a very nice themed packaging
matches the outer packaging which one
will you unwrap oh so we don't know oops
I hit something off to the side there so
let's see maybe you can tell from the
outside no you could feel it but it
looks like now I have to eat or at least
show you a variety of these so we can I
mean I'll eat them at some point but not
all in the video I think they've done
Kit Kats before so the Kit Kat itself is
not a new snack to us so here is the Kit
Kat with the Snowman let's see and these
are good in the refrigerator or even the
freezer so right now they're really soft
to this hot in here I'm gonna have to
transfer them to the
like I said the fridge of the freezer
and they just have that their lips right
now they're very soft to the touch on
the chocolate so let's see what do we
end up with we ended up with Santa okay
so that's the Santa one so three designs
maybe they had them all on the top let's
see these are harder to open and I
remember I'm having a hard time pulling
here whoo that wasn't here another
snowman come on don't worry these are
not going to go to waste
that's what you are worried oh there it
is cool so we have now the last one
which is the reindeer see that so let's
get the duplicate out so we have the
reindeer the Santa and the Snowman and I
have to say well here let me take my
other snowman that's not broken that is
cool it's nice to see that they took the
time to create these special tops to the
chocolate and then Kit Kats are usually
cut all the way through also sort of to
make these they have to stop the notch
from going all the way through and I
guess a bonus about that is you're going
to have more chocolate let me just cut
because normally it's all the way
through this way and you can break your
Kit Kats
so now extra layer of chocolate in there
let's cut one Kit Kats I think are one
of the most popular bars out here
chocolate snacks because they are very
tasty I'll try one of these
always good kid cats are always good
good enough to have another piece so
what do you think you have a sword one
you like better and we get even closer
so you can get a better look here this
one says let it snow this one says ko ho
ho and this one says KitKat around his
neck and then reindeer games
so that is the holiday KitKat this year
and thanks for watching we're just kind
of showing you like I said all the
different kinds of things we find so if
you like this kind of stuff you know
check in that description you'll see a
playlist or search our channel I have to
rate this one up there pretty high this
year for overall theme addict candy and
thanks for watching it's really
appreciated later if you want to find
this item click the link in the
description area below the video you can
also watch more videos in this series by
clicking here thanks for watching and
always remember if you see a Lucky Penny
pick it up